Hey there, Bruins! Here's a quick tip from
your friends at the Powell library
Inquiry labs. First tip: mapping your
research ideas. Creating a map of your
research ideas is a strategy you can use
whenever you need to figure out your
paper topic or come up with a list of
possible research questions. It's also
handy when you need to narrow or broaden the topic of your paper. To get started,
grab a blank piece of paper and a pen or
pencil. First, draw a circle in the middle
of the page and write your idea for
paper topic inside. If you're not sure
what to write, you can start by
connecting your class or assignment with
something you're passionate about.
You can pause the video here and take a
few minutes to write down your topic.
Next, think about all the questions you
have about your topic. What are you
curious about? What would you like to
know? As you brainstorm, try to use a
variety of questions, words, and phrases.
You can pause the video here and take a
few minutes to write down as many
questions as possible about your topic.
Next, look for a section of your question
map that looks particularly interesting
to you and try adding new questions to
this section. Note that you can quickly
narrow your topic by focusing on themes. For example, cultural aspects, geographic
areas, groups of people,
and time spans or historical events.
At this point, focus on asking specific
questions to narrow your topic. Let your
curiosity lead the way. Pause the video
again and take another few minutes to
add new questions to the page.
Now look at your map and the questions
you've asked. You probably have quite a
few possibilities to consider. By
choosing keywords and concepts from your
map, you can formulate your ideas into
the question you want to explore.
So what's next? Here are just a few ideas.
First, take another look at your
assignment. Which of your questions do
you think best addresses the prompt? Of
these, which questions are you most
passionate about exploring? Once you
choose a section of the map to focus on,
you can use keywords and phrases to
search in Google Scholar or an article
database to see what specific
conversations researchers are having
about your topic. Finally, you may want to
check with your instructor to see if a
topic is too narrow, too broad, or just
right. Want help with the next step?
Come visit us in the Inquiry Labs in 220
Powell Library.